README.md, before:

# costa-vscode

<a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=antfu.ext-name" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/antfu.ext-name.svg?color=eee&amp;label=VS%20Code%20Marketplace&logo=visual-studio-code" alt="Visual Studio Marketplace Version" /></a>
<a href="https://kermanx.github.io/reactive-vscode/" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/made_with-reactive--vscode-%23007ACC?style=flat&labelColor=%23229863"  alt="Made with reactive-vscode" /></a>

## Configurations

<!-- configs -->

| Key                        | Description                                                                           | Type     | Default                                  |
| -------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| `costa.apiToken`           | API token for connecting to the Costa service (deprecated - use OAuth2 login instead) | `string` | `""`                                     |
| `costa.apiBaseUrl`         | Base URL for the Costa API                                                            | `string` | `"https://ai.costa.app"`                 |
| `costa.oauth2.clientId`    | OAuth2 client ID for this VS Code extension                                           | `string` | `"6E1C382C-1034-4466-8CCF-65ED17DBBA3D"` |
| `costa.oauth2.redirectUri` | OAuth2 redirect URI for this VS Code extension                                        | `string` | `"vscode://costa.costa-code/callback"`   |

<!-- configs -->

## Commands

<!-- commands -->

| Command        | Title              |
| -------------- | ------------------ |
| `costa.login`  | Costa Code: Login  |
| `costa.logout` | Costa Code: Logout |

<!-- commands -->

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE.md) License © 2025 [Jacob Foster Heimark](https://github.com/hmk) and [Costa Security](https://costa.security)

Commit message:

docs: add internal installation instructions

README.md, after:

# costa-vscode

<a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=antfu.ext-name" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/antfu.ext-name.svg?color=eee&amp;label=VS%20Code%20Marketplace&logo=visual-studio-code" alt="Visual Studio Marketplace Version" /></a>
<a href="https://kermanx.github.io/reactive-vscode/" target="__blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/made_with-reactive--vscode-%23007ACC?style=flat&labelColor=%23229863"  alt="Made with reactive-vscode" /></a>

## Configurations

<!-- configs -->

| Key                        | Description                                                                           | Type     | Default                                  |
| -------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| `costa.apiToken`           | API token for connecting to the Costa service (deprecated - use OAuth2 login instead) | `string` | `""`                                     |
| `costa.apiBaseUrl`         | Base URL for the Costa API                                                            | `string` | `"https://ai.costa.app"`                 |
| `costa.oauth2.clientId`    | OAuth2 client ID for this VS Code extension                                           | `string` | `"6E1C382C-1034-4466-8CCF-65ED17DBBA3D"` |
| `costa.oauth2.redirectUri` | OAuth2 redirect URI for this VS Code extension                                        | `string` | `"vscode://costa.costa-code/callback"`   |

<!-- configs -->

## Commands

<!-- commands -->

| Command        | Title              |
| -------------- | ------------------ |
| `costa.login`  | Costa Code: Login  |
| `costa.logout` | Costa Code: Logout |

<!-- commands -->

## Internal Installation

To install an internal build of the Costa VS Code extension for use inside Costa:

1. Navigate to the GitHub releases page: https://github.com/costa-security/costa-vscode/releases
2. Locate the latest internal release (the `.vsix` file name will include `-internal.` and a commit hash, e.g., `costa-code-0.0.1-internal.1+a88d628.vsix`).
3. Download the `.vsix` file to your machine.
4. In VS Code, open the Extensions view:
   - Windows/Linux: Ctrl+Shift+X
   - macOS: Cmd+Shift+X
5. Click the ellipsis (...) in the top-right corner of the Extensions view and select **Install from VSIX...**.
6. Choose the downloaded `.vsix` file to install the internal version.

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE.md) License © 2025 [Jacob Foster Heimark](https://github.com/hmk) and [Costa Security](https://costa.security)
